Similarly we can also create or enlist.
So first let me just delete the analyst and again syntax would be exactly the same.
Difference would be we're not looking 40 on our list which has the element 9 if you will.
We're looking for the order list within the element name would be oh well and here again we're gonna
do the lie.
And again maybe let's write some dummy texts or the first word list item would be John.
Then the second one will be Peter and the third one we're gonna have SARAH AND LET'S SEE WHAT WE'RE
GONNA HAVE NOT SORRY BUT SARAH And the moment will save it.
Notice that this would be number one.
Number two and number three.
Again the same idea as with an order list.
Or we would need to use the different element name.
And then we would have the ordered list instead of unordered list.